okay here we go Jeep Cherokee set up to
race Jeep speed great freerunner
score legal Jeep speed legal new
California 15 tags and stickers not a
ding not a dent not a scratch in it all
the way around perfect shape set up for
racing has never been raced there you go
so let's take a look inside inside you
have your Mastercraft seats got your
legal seatbelts
you got tilt wheel you got cruise
control you got battery shutoff switch
you got a cage that's all tied in notice
that the cage is all welded all the way
around all the way cage comes down goes
through the floor
everything works turn signals air
conditioning gauges even the gas gauge
works in the car setup as a 3 seater
front seat is on an adjustable seat
track King shocks King bump stops in the
back
aluminum jack extras belt tow strap
we've got a fuel safe fuel cell with
sending unit all hoses wrapped all the
way around once again your king shocks
your king bump stops batteries mounted
inside here
fire extinguisher left it as a three
seater but you could put one more in if
you want note the attention to detail
the cage is tight everywhere through the
body inside hasn't been butchered up yet
everywhere that the kid still runs a
catalytic converter everywhere that the
cage comes down through the frame is
plated on both sides bars running back
to all the pickup points to your deeper
Springs rear end is trust with four
eleven same thing in the front cage
comes down frame is plated forest goes
real plate it on the other side bars
come in front to all the pickup points
bars coming down to the frame rail frame
rails tied from side to side front end
is all heavy-duty trust 4:11 gears
little skid plate bars come through bars
go down to the shock tower
your bump stop has been reinforced bar
on top of that bars go down to the motor
mount bars come down through here tie
into the plate where the steering box
rips out notice no cracks no nothing
motor is a stock 4.0 transmission is a
5-speed where are you gonna find a
cleaner legal Jeep speed car I've got
the bird tag on the roll bar past
gore-tex legal to race so you've seen it
battery shutoff switch over here you've
seen it now call me up make me an offer